docs/cli/tutorials.md, before:

# Tutorials

This page contains tutorials for interacting with Qwen Code.

## Setting up a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server

> [!CAUTION]
> Before using a third-party MCP server, ensure you trust its source and understand the tools it provides. Your use of third-party servers is at your own risk.

This tutorial demonstrates how to set up a MCP server, using the [GitHub MCP server](https://github.com/github/github-mcp-server) as an example. The GitHub MCP server provides tools for interacting with GitHub repositories, such as creating issues and commenting on pull requests.

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed and configured:

- **Docker:** Install and run [Docker].
- **GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT):** Create a new [classic] or [fine-grained] PAT with the necessary scopes.

[Docker]: https://www.docker.com/
[classic]: https://github.com/settings/tokens/new
[fine-grained]: https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens/new

### Guide

#### Configure the MCP server in `settings.json`

In your project's root directory, create or open the [`.qwen/settings.json` file](./configuration.md). Within the file, add the `mcpServers` configuration block, which provides instructions for how to launch the GitHub MCP server.

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "github": {
      "command": "docker",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "-i",
        "--rm",
        "-e",
        "GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN",
        "ghcr.io/github/github-mcp-server"
      ],
      "env": {
        "GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN": "${GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN}"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Set your GitHub token

> [!CAUTION]
> Using a broadly scoped personal access token that has access to personal and private repositories can lead to information from the private repository being leaked into the public repository. We recommend using a fine-grained access token that doesn't share access to both public and private repositories.

Use an environment variable to store your GitHub PAT:

```bash
GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN="pat_YourActualGitHubTokenHere"
```

Qwen Code uses this value in the `mcpServers` configuration that you defined in the `settings.json` file.

#### Launch Qwen Code and verify the connection

When you launch Qwen Code, it automatically reads your configuration and launches the GitHub MCP server in the background. You can then use natural language prompts to ask Qwen Code to perform GitHub actions. For example:

```bash
"get all open issues assigned to me in the 'foo/bar' repo and prioritize them"
```

Commit message:

Delta v 1.0
feat(cli,docs): implement new auth paths, add auth README guide
- docs(README): add Authentication section with step-by-step login instructions and .env examples for:
  - OpenAI
  - Google (Gemini API key)
  - Azure OpenAI
  - AWS Bedrock (Claude)
  - Claude (Anthropic)

docs/cli/tutorials.md, after:

# Tutorials

This page contains tutorials for interacting with Delta Code.

## Setting up a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server

> [!CAUTION]
> Before using a third-party MCP server, ensure you trust its source and understand the tools it provides. Your use of third-party servers is at your own risk.

This tutorial demonstrates how to set up a MCP server, using the [GitHub MCP server](https://github.com/github/github-mcp-server) as an example. The GitHub MCP server provides tools for interacting with GitHub repositories, such as creating issues and commenting on pull requests.

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed and configured:

- **Docker:** Install and run [Docker].
- **GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT):** Create a new [classic] or [fine-grained] PAT with the necessary scopes.

[Docker]: https://www.docker.com/
[classic]: https://github.com/settings/tokens/new
[fine-grained]: https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens/new

### Guide

#### Configure the MCP server in `settings.json`

In your project's root directory, create or open the [`.delta/settings.json` file](./configuration.md). Within the file, add the `mcpServers` configuration block, which provides instructions for how to launch the GitHub MCP server.

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "github": {
      "command": "docker",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "-i",
        "--rm",
        "-e",
        "GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN",
        "ghcr.io/github/github-mcp-server"
      ],
      "env": {
        "GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN": "${GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN}"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Set your GitHub token

> [!CAUTION]
> Using a broadly scoped personal access token that has access to personal and private repositories can lead to information from the private repository being leaked into the public repository. We recommend using a fine-grained access token that doesn't share access to both public and private repositories.

Use an environment variable to store your GitHub PAT:

```bash
GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN="pat_YourActualGitHubTokenHere"
```

Delta Code uses this value in the `mcpServers` configuration that you defined in the `settings.json` file.

#### Launch Delta Code and verify the connection

When you launch Delta Code, it automatically reads your configuration and launches the GitHub MCP server in the background. You can then use natural language prompts to ask Delta Code to perform GitHub actions. For example:

```bash
"get all open issues assigned to me in the 'foo/bar' repo and prioritize them"
```
