docs/tools/memory.md, before:

# Memory Tool (`save_memory`)

This document describes the `save_memory` tool for Qwen Code.

## Description

Use `save_memory` to save and recall information across your Qwen Code sessions. With `save_memory`, you can direct the CLI to remember key details across sessions, providing personalized and directed assistance.

### Arguments

`save_memory` takes one argument:

- `fact` (string, required): The specific fact or piece of information to remember. This should be a clear, self-contained statement written in natural language.

## How to use `save_memory` with Qwen Code

The tool appends the provided `fact` to your context file in the user's home directory (`~/.qwen/QWEN.md` by default). This filename can be configured via `contextFileName`.

Once added, the facts are stored under a `## Qwen Added Memories` section. This file is loaded as context in subsequent sessions, allowing the CLI to recall the saved information.

Usage:

```
save_memory(fact="Your fact here.")
```

### `save_memory` examples

Remember a user preference:

```
save_memory(fact="My preferred programming language is Python.")
```

Store a project-specific detail:

```
save_memory(fact="The project I'm currently working on is called 'gemini-cli'.")
```

## Important notes

- **General usage:** This tool should be used for concise, important facts. It is not intended for storing large amounts of data or conversational history.
- **Memory file:** The memory file is a plain text Markdown file, so you can view and edit it manually if needed.

Commit message:

Delta v 1.0
feat(cli,docs): implement new auth paths, add auth README guide
- docs(README): add Authentication section with step-by-step login instructions and .env examples for:
  - OpenAI
  - Google (Gemini API key)
  - Azure OpenAI
  - AWS Bedrock (Claude)
  - Claude (Anthropic)

docs/tools/memory.md, after:

# Memory Tool (`save_memory`)

This document describes the `save_memory` tool for Delta Code.

## Description

Use `save_memory` to save and recall information across your Delta Code sessions. With `save_memory`, you can direct the CLI to remember key details across sessions, providing personalized and directed assistance.

### Arguments

`save_memory` takes one argument:

- `fact` (string, required): The specific fact or piece of information to remember. This should be a clear, self-contained statement written in natural language.

## How to use `save_memory` with Delta Code

The tool appends the provided `fact` to your context file in the user's home directory (`~/.delta/QWEN.md` by default). This filename can be configured via `contextFileName`.

Once added, the facts are stored under a `## Delta Added Memories` section. This file is loaded as context in subsequent sessions, allowing the CLI to recall the saved information.

Usage:

```
save_memory(fact="Your fact here.")
```

### `save_memory` examples

Remember a user preference:

```
save_memory(fact="My preferred programming language is Python.")
```

Store a project-specific detail:

```
save_memory(fact="The project I'm currently working on is called 'gemini-cli'.")
```

## Important notes

- **General usage:** This tool should be used for concise, important facts. It is not intended for storing large amounts of data or conversational history.
- **Memory file:** The memory file is a plain text Markdown file, so you can view and edit it manually if needed.
