docs/index.md, before:

# Welcome to Qwen Code documentation

This documentation provides a comprehensive guide to installing, using, and developing Qwen Code. This tool lets you interact with AI models through a command-line interface.

## Overview

Qwen Code brings the capabilities of advanced code models to your terminal in an interactive Read-Eval-Print Loop (REPL) environment. Qwen Code consists of a client-side application (`packages/cli`) that communicates with a local server (`packages/core`). Qwen Code also contains a variety of tools for tasks such as performing file system operations, running shells, and web fetching, which are managed by `packages/core`.

## Navigating the documentation

This documentation is organized into the following sections:

- **[Execution and Deployment](./deployment.md):** Information for running Qwen Code.
- **[Architecture Overview](./architecture.md):** Understand the high-level design of Qwen Code, including its components and how they interact.
- **CLI Usage:** Documentation for `packages/cli`.
  - **[CLI Introduction](./cli/index.md):** Overview of the command-line interface.
  - **[Commands](./cli/commands.md):** Description of available CLI commands.
  - **[Configuration](./cli/configuration.md):** Information on configuring the CLI.
  - **[Checkpointing](./checkpointing.md):** Documentation for the checkpointing feature.
  - **[Extensions](./extension.md):** How to extend the CLI with new functionality.
  - **[IDE Integration](./ide-integration.md):** Connect the CLI to your editor.
  - **[Telemetry](./telemetry.md):** Overview of telemetry in the CLI.
- **Core Details:** Documentation for `packages/core`.
  - **[Core Introduction](./core/index.md):** Overview of the core component.
  - **[Tools API](./core/tools-api.md):** Information on how the core manages and exposes tools.
- **Tools:**
  - **[Tools Overview](./tools/index.md):** Overview of the available tools.
  - **[File System Tools](./tools/file-system.md):** Documentation for the `read_file` and `write_file` tools.
  - **[Multi-File Read Tool](./tools/multi-file.md):** Documentation for the `read_many_files` tool.
  - **[Shell Tool](./tools/shell.md):** Documentation for the `run_shell_command` tool.
  - **[Web Fetch Tool](./tools/web-fetch.md):** Documentation for the `web_fetch` tool.
  - **[Web Search Tool](./tools/web-search.md):** Documentation for the `web_search` tool.
  - **[Memory Tool](./tools/memory.md):** Documentation for the `save_memory` tool.
- **[Contributing & Development Guide](../CONTRIBUTING.md):** Information for contributors and developers, including setup, building, testing, and coding conventions.
- **[NPM Workspaces and Publishing](./npm.md):** Details on how the project's packages are managed and published.
- **[Troubleshooting Guide](./troubleshooting.md):** Find solutions to common problems and FAQs.
- **[Terms of Service and Privacy Notice](./tos-privacy.md):** Information on the terms of service and privacy notices applicable to your use of Qwen Code.

We hope this documentation helps you make the most of Qwen Code!

Commit message:

Delta v 1.0
feat(cli,docs): implement new auth paths, add auth README guide
- docs(README): add Authentication section with step-by-step login instructions and .env examples for:
  - OpenAI
  - Google (Gemini API key)
  - Azure OpenAI
  - AWS Bedrock (Claude)
  - Claude (Anthropic)

docs/index.md, after:

# Welcome to Delta Code documentation

This documentation provides a comprehensive guide to installing, using, and developing Delta Code. This tool lets you interact with AI models through a command-line interface.

## Overview

Delta Code brings the capabilities of advanced code models to your terminal in an interactive Read-Eval-Print Loop (REPL) environment. Delta Code consists of a client-side application (`packages/cli`) that communicates with a local server (`packages/core`). Delta Code also contains a variety of tools for tasks such as performing file system operations, running shells, and web fetching, which are managed by `packages/core`.

## Navigating the documentation

This documentation is organized into the following sections:

- **[Execution and Deployment](./deployment.md):** Information for running Delta Code.
- **[Architecture Overview](./architecture.md):** Understand the high-level design of Delta Code, including its components and how they interact.
- **CLI Usage:** Documentation for `packages/cli`.
  - **[CLI Introduction](./cli/index.md):** Overview of the command-line interface.
  - **[Commands](./cli/commands.md):** Description of available CLI commands.
  - **[Configuration](./cli/configuration.md):** Information on configuring the CLI.
  - **[Checkpointing](./checkpointing.md):** Documentation for the checkpointing feature.
  - **[Extensions](./extension.md):** How to extend the CLI with new functionality.
  - **[IDE Integration](./ide-integration.md):** Connect the CLI to your editor.
  - **[Telemetry](./telemetry.md):** Overview of telemetry in the CLI.
- **Core Details:** Documentation for `packages/core`.
  - **[Core Introduction](./core/index.md):** Overview of the core component.
  - **[Tools API](./core/tools-api.md):** Information on how the core manages and exposes tools.
- **Tools:**
  - **[Tools Overview](./tools/index.md):** Overview of the available tools.
  - **[File System Tools](./tools/file-system.md):** Documentation for the `read_file` and `write_file` tools.
  - **[Multi-File Read Tool](./tools/multi-file.md):** Documentation for the `read_many_files` tool.
  - **[Shell Tool](./tools/shell.md):** Documentation for the `run_shell_command` tool.
  - **[Web Fetch Tool](./tools/web-fetch.md):** Documentation for the `web_fetch` tool.
  - **[Web Search Tool](./tools/web-search.md):** Documentation for the `web_search` tool.
  - **[Memory Tool](./tools/memory.md):** Documentation for the `save_memory` tool.
- **[Contributing & Development Guide](../CONTRIBUTING.md):** Information for contributors and developers, including setup, building, testing, and coding conventions.
- **[NPM Workspaces and Publishing](./npm.md):** Details on how the project's packages are managed and published.
- **[Troubleshooting Guide](./troubleshooting.md):** Find solutions to common problems and FAQs.
- **[Terms of Service and Privacy Notice](./tos-privacy.md):** Information on the terms of service and privacy notices applicable to your use of Delta Code.

We hope this documentation helps you make the most of Delta Code!
